5
5
Primus
Secundus
Tertius
Quartus
Quintus
In the title of an Aesop fable, this insect shared billing with a grasshopper.
What is the ant?
Built in 312 B.C. to link Rome & the South of Italy, it's still in use today.
What is the Appian Way?
No. 8: 30 steals for the Birmingham Barons; 2,306 steals for the Bulls.
Who is Michael Jordan?
A small demon, or a mischievous child (who might be a little demon!)
What is an imp?
Edward Teller & this man partnered in 1898 to sell high fashions to women
Who is (Paul) Bonwit?
A single layer of paper, or to perform one's craft diligently.
What is ply?
In 2003 this airline agreed to buy KLM, creating Europe's largest airline.
What is Air France?
In 1534 he & his buddy Francis Xavier founded the Society of Jesus.
Who is (St. Ignatius) Loyola?
In 1961 James Brown announced "all aboard" for this train.
What is the night train?
It's the largest kingdom in the United Kingdom.
What is England?
Blood pumper.
What is the heart?
Peaches are more than 80% this compound.
What is water (h20)?
Small, slender missile thrown at a board in a game.
What is a dart?
Parts of the Arabian and Libyan deserts are found in this African country.
What is Egypt?
A graphic representation of information.
What is a chart?
Composer Wolfgang.
Who is Mozart?
99.95% of the mass of an atom is in this part.
What is the nucleus?
This hero of several books is 11 when he discovers he's a wizard.
Who is Harry Potter?
It's the 4-letter name of the pleated skirt worn by men in Scotland.
What is a kilt?
Maize is another word for this.
What is corn?
Of the 6 noble gases on the periodic table, it is the lightest.
What is He (Helium)?
This word for someone who walks comes from the Latin for "foot".
What is a pedestrian?
He's the older son of Prince Charles and the late Princess Diana.
Who is Prince William?
Kayak is an example of this, a word that reads the same forwards & backwards.
What is a palindrome?
She was born in Virginia around 1596 & died in Kent, England in 1617.
Who is Pocahontas?